Update docker.rst (#17882)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow/start/docker.rst

Before starting Airflow for the first time, You need to prepare your environment, i.e. create the necessary files, directories and initialize the database.

> On **all operating systems**, the quick-start needs to know your host user id and needs to have group id set to 0. You have to make sure to configure them for the docker-compose:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On **all operating systems**, the quick-start needs to know your host user id and needs to have group id set to ``0``. You have to make sure to configure them for the docker-compose:
```

> On **Linux and Mac**, the mounted volumes in container use the native Linux filesystem user/group permissions, so you have to make sure the container and host computer have matching file permissions.

Reviewer 2: Right. Then I think this w

```suggestion
On **all operating systems**, the quick-start needs to know your host user id and needs to have group id set to 0. You have to make sure to configure them for the docker-compose:
```

Reviewer 2: This one reflects better the current state then :)
